README.md, before:

# Thai-Food-Superstore
### Deployed website:[ Link to website]()
![front page image]()


### card number for payment testing: 4242 4242 4242 4242

## About
"Thai Food Superstore" is an e-commerce website that provides a convenient and accessible shopping platform for individuals to purchase various Thai products and ingredients online. It has a login system, a shopping cart, a checkout system, and a payment system. This website has a notification system if they submit a request. In addition, it has personnel functionality that allows the admin, manager, and other personnel to manage the website. The multiple implementation functions are due to the desire to create something reusable in the real world.

## UX
Thai Food Superstore website was created to have straightforward navigation, eye-catching, high-quality images, product detail, user-friendly variety, Global reach, conscious shopping, transparent pricing and 
 shipping, and enjoyable shopping experience for those interested in exploring rich and diverse flavours of Thai cuisine. The website is designed to be simple and easy to use, attracting customers to sign up to get discounts and information on offers. Also, functionality and efficiency for admins to manage and achieve the business goal.

 ## Target Audience
 This website is designed for Thai people and those interested in exploring and enjoying purchasing food products and ingredients of Thai cuisine.

 ## User Stories
 ### First Time Visitor
| Issue ID         |          User Story                      |
|------------------| ----------------------------------------- |
|[1]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily understand the main purpose of the app, so that I can navigate through the app and learn more about this app.|
|[2]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to register my account so that I can learn the benefits of the app as a user.|
|[3]()| Ad a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to login or logout, so that I can access my personal account information.|
|[4]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to recover my password in case I forget it, so that I can recover to access to my account.|
|[5]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to receive an email confirmation after registering, so that I can verify my account registration was successful.|
|[6]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to have personalized user profile, so that I can view my personal order history and order confirmation, and save my payment information.|
|        |                                         |

### Register User(customer)
| Issue ID         |          User Story                      |
|------------------| ----------------------------------------- |

Commit message:

Add regular user stories to README.md

README.md, after:

# Thai-Food-Superstore
### Deployed website:[ Link to website]()
![front page image]()


### card number for payment testing: 4242 4242 4242 4242

## About
"Thai Food Superstore" is an e-commerce website that provides a convenient and accessible shopping platform for individuals to purchase various Thai products and ingredients online. It has a login system, a shopping cart, a checkout system, and a payment system. This website has a notification system if they submit a request. In addition, it has personnel functionality that allows the admin, manager, and other personnel to manage the website. The multiple implementation functions are due to the desire to create something reusable in the real world.

## UX
Thai Food Superstore website was created to have straightforward navigation, eye-catching, high-quality images, product detail, user-friendly variety, Global reach, conscious shopping, transparent pricing and 
 shipping, and enjoyable shopping experience for those interested in exploring rich and diverse flavours of Thai cuisine. The website is designed to be simple and easy to use, attracting customers to sign up to get discounts and information on offers. Also, functionality and efficiency for admins to manage and achieve the business goal.

 ## Target Audience
 This website is designed for Thai people and those interested in exploring and enjoying purchasing food products and ingredients of Thai cuisine.

 ## User Stories
 ### First Time Visitor
| Issue ID         |          User Story                      |
|------------------| ----------------------------------------- |
|[1]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to easily understand the main purpose of the app, so that I can navigate through the app and learn more about this app.|
|[2]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to register my account so that I can learn the benefits of the app as a user.|
|[3]()| Ad a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to login or logout, so that I can access my personal account information.|
|[4]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to recover my password in case I forget it, so that I can recover to access to my account.|
|[5]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to receive an email confirmation after registering, so that I can verify my account registration was successful.|
|[6]()|As a First Time Visitor, I want to have personalized user profile, so that I can view my personal order history and order confirmation, and save my payment information.|
|        |                                         |

### Regular User(customer)
| Issue ID         |          User Story                      |
|------------------| ----------------------------------------- |
|[6]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to access my account and easily, so that I can check my account details and order history.|
|[7]()|As a Regular User, I want to be sure that my account details are protected, so that I can safely make purchase.|
|[8]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to view a list of products, so that I can select some to purchase.|
|[9]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to view individual product details, so that I can identify the price, description, product special offers, product image and available sizes.|
|[10]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to easily view the total of my purchases at any time, so that I can avoid spending too much and purchase a wrong item.|
|[11]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to sort the list of available products, so that I can easily identify the best priced and categorically sorted products.|
|[12]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to sort a specific category of product, so that I find the best priced and specific category or sort the products in that category by name.|
|[13]()|As a Regular User, I want to be able to easily see what I've searched for and the number of results, so that I can quickly decide whether the product I want is available .|
